Be concise
==========

Good content should be:

* Specific.
* Informative.
* Clear and concise.
* Brisk but not terse.
* Incisive (friendliness can lead to a lack of precision and unnecessary words) but human (not something generated by Siri).
* Serious but not pompous or emotionless---be sparing with adjectives. They're subjective and make the text sound emotive and inauthentic.

You should:

* Use contractions.
* Avoid unwieldy grammar (for example, say *You can* rather than
    *You may be able to*).
* Use short sentences.
* Use the language and terms your readers use.
* Never turn verbs into nouns! They're a symptom of sloppy writing.

Keep sentences and paragraphs short
-----------------------------------

If a sentence has more than 25 words, try to split it to make the points
clearer. If a sentence has under 14&ndash;20 words, readers understand 90
percent of content. At 25 words, sentences are more difficult to
comprehend.

Vary sentence length. This helps keep readers interested and varies your
tone. Too many short sentences sound terse and like you\'re giving
orders. Longer sentences help the flow as well.

Do the same for paragraphs. If it looks long, try to break it up. Let\'s
look at some examples. Instead of:

> The Terminator is used in conjunction with a large number of other
> publishers. Generally, we update the program on a quarterly basis
> whenever changes are implemented. When an update is scheduled for
> release, we will alert you that there is an update available. It is
> your responsibility to download and install the newest release and
> then to ensure you are working with the latest version.

Use:

> We use the Terminator with many customers. We update it quarterly and
> we'll share updates when released. Remember that you are responsible
> to ensure you have the latest version.
